release: v0.4.4 (#84)
famedly/synapse-invite-checker: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [0.4.4] - 2025-05-08

> This release is largely a bugfix release. No longer refetch the Federation List if the
> domain was not for 'insurance'. Don't purge inactive rooms that are being remotely
> joined when the only data locally was the invite. When using `mtls` to connect to an
> `https` endpoint, the comparison between hostnames was `string`->`bytes`. This is now
> fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release is largely a bugfix release. The federation list is fetched less often for non-insurance servers. Rooms with missing backfill, which especially affects invites, are not purged anymore before the inactivity period is over. The mtls option should now work more reliably.
```
